What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

    An empty repository is created in the directory and a .git file appears. We need to initialze a repository so that we can be able to commit our files to it and have a track of each of those files.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

    Staging area helps in grouping a bunch of files to be commited together. We can group multiple files with same logical changes and add them on to the staging area to be committed later. 


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

    We can make various changes to several different files. Not all of these changes are related i.e. they can be logically different. So we can use the staging area to stage the files where same logical changes are made so that we can commit them together.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

    When we need to introduce experimental changes in the files, we can do it by creating branches so that the master branch remains unaffected. This way, we can checkout our main files whenever we want by shifting to the master branch.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    Branching structure can get complicated by inclusion of several branches by different collaborators. To get a better view of parent commits of the latest commit on a branch, we can make use of diagrams which can represent the branch structure quite specifically.


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

    When we merge two branches, the changes added in the last commit of both the branches are added into the merged commit.
    This allows the collaborators to merge their changed files together into the master branch hassle free. As the changes of both the branches are included into the merged branch, we represent it that way in the diagram.